next question over here hello I'm Ana
Sofia Bulgaria and I have kind of a
follow-up on the biology question from
before it is one thing to say obviously
it's not going to be a safe experience
to go to Mars but there are some
technologies essential especially if
we're looking to putting humans there
permanently that are going to be have
that are going to have to be developed
with biological capabilities speaking of
like flight suits habitats eventual
artificial biospheres for people to live
in
do you see your company playing a part
in the development of those technologies
do you see biology having a place in
SpaceX's work or will that be outsourced
to other unrelated companies and before
you answer you should know that anna
sophia over here one genes and space
competition and flew on a spacex dragon
and it's a via was that that spacex 10
when was that
SpaceX 8 so yes
[Applause]
and a very smart young lady I think fact
I think she's smarter me in high school
and then that I am now so anyway so good
luck with your answer
sure biology has a significant role to
play in any kind of permanent large
space or city I mean if we're SpaceX you
know we're trying to make sure we can
get people there reliably at a cost they
can afford and get cargo there at the
right cost remember yeah because it
there's this there's kind of a threshold
cost per ticket or cost per ton to the
surface of Mars below which a
self-sustaining city can develop and
above which it cannot that that's sort
of critical for economic and technical
threshold is is what we're focused on at
SpaceX and that we're products have to
do a pivotal work on Alec Depot
basically propellant plant on Mars but
then our intent is to you know we don't
want to get in the way of what others
are doing like we want to make sure that
let's say if somebody makes an
investment or wants to do something on
Mars create a you know a business or do
some scientific endeavor that SpaceX
does not compete with that you know
because they need to feel like okay
they're we're not going to just go in
and compete with them oft rarely we want
to make sure that they feel it's going
to be a fruitful environment to be that
you know to go there and and and do
something special so our focus is gonna
be on transport to kind of a fundamental
utilities survivability and and we know
and we'll do more if we need to do more
but we want to make sure that that lots
of people can go and do all those things
on Mars or the moon and not feel like
SpaceX is gonna do anything but try to
help them we don't we don't interfere or
compete
you know it's I think they're gonna feel
like the opportunities there